hello it's tube tech help here in
Sandwich be showing you an alternative
web browser to Internet Explorer for
Windows dots based operating system for
example Windows 95 windows 98 now as you
may be aware that Internet Explorer is
very very bad on the versions of dots it
just doesn't work whatsoever really I've
caught Internet Explorer 6.0 installed
on here when the splint is not here
and as you can see it's very slow and
horrible now this alternative web
browser is called kami Lian it's an open
source web browser and it's based upon
the same with a web browser rendering
engine as a Firefox I can get us at
chameleon dot sourceforge.net there's a
link in description says run and go
there and click download and kicked
English and just let it go ahead and
download it
it's going to want to open it and let it
download
okay so I've downloaded que million I'm
gonna from the setup wizard
she's going to install itself
and that's it
and I can click next and run chameleons
and you should see the web browser open
up and this is a lot faster than
Internet Explorer and actually lives up
to web standards there how did he acid
free test I said free to go search for a
second and Supriya acid test org you
should see that it's not great however
it is a damn sight better than Internet
Explorer um
works well and it's also got tabs as you
can see so if you're looking for an
alternative web browser for any of the
DOS based Windows operating systems then
this is the way to go thank you